# Retrospective 25-10-21

Created: October 25, 2021 11:28 AM
Last Edited Time: October 25, 2021 11:55 PM
Minutes Secretary: Cristian
Next Meeting: October 27, 2021 5:00 PM
Participants: Anonymous, Anonymous, Anonymous, Anonymous, Anonymous
Product Owner: Cristian
Scrum Master: Gonem
Type: Retrospective

# What went well?

- The application is connected and has basic functionality, and is a (basic) working product of what we have imagined from the beginning of the project.
- Teamwork is going well, with everyone knowing what to do, how to do it, and asking team members when it does not work.
- Betsie:
    - Finished incorporating periodicity with the queue randomizer. Has some 'bugs': a task with 'must be done today' and 'multiple times a day' will only be featured once a day, a task with 'multiple times a day' will only be featured once a daypart.
    - Improved the report based on the feedback and worked further on it.
- Cristian:
    - Worked on the pop-up notification, but sadly didn't get it to work completely.
- Gonem:
    - Refactored the to-do list.
    - Connected the time randomizer with the to-do list and its statuses.
- Janine:
    - Added explanations to the widget and a welcome message.
    - Added 2 settings for the application.
- Nils:
    - Worked on testing the refactored to-do list, is almost done.

# What could improve?

- We may have had too extensive ideas for our application. For example, we had ideas to make our application smarter the longer the user has been using the app. This has proved to be a bit more difficult than we have anticipated.
- For the project in general, we have done many things with the whole group offline/physically. Therefore, some activities which were thoroughly discussed within the group may have seemed a bit erratic for any outsiders of the project.

# How do we proceed (until TA meeting)?

- Finish the application and cut off difficult issues.
- Discuss offline decisions thoroughly in the report.
- Betsie: Review, improving the report.
- Cristian: Finishing pop-up, improving report.
- Gonem: Helping finish pop up, review code, refactor the code.
- Janine: Review code, improving the report.
- Nils: Finishing to-do list tests, reviewing code.